README.md, before:

# node-disnetworkclient
Example implementations for UDP client/server exchanging DIS (Distributed Interactive Simulation) packages

## Installation

Get the source:

```
git clone https://github.com/keckxde/node-disnetworkclient.git
```

Install the dependencies:

```
cd node-disnetworkclient
npm install
```

Run the Server - by default listening on port 3000:

```
npm run-script server

Result:

> node src/dis-udpserver.js

server listening 0.0.0.0:3000
```

Run the Client - by default sending to localhost:3000 :

```
npm run-script client

Result:
> node src/dis-udpclient.js

UDP message sent to 127.0.0.1:3000
```

After that, you will see, a DIS EntityState PDU was sent to server
```
server got msg from 127.0.0.1:64528
Got EntityState: { site: 11, application: 22, entity: 33 } Location { x: 0, y: 0, z: 0 } 
Marking
```


#Writing an own client

See example implementation in [dis-udpclient.js](./src/dis-udpclient.js) as a starting point


#Writing an own server


See example implementation in [dis-udpserver.js](./src/dis-udpserver.js) as a starting point

Commit message:

* References to open-dis-javascript

README.md, after:

# node-disnetworkclient
Example implementations for UDP client/server exchanging DIS (Distributed Interactive Simulation) packages using [open-dis-javascript](https://github.com/open-dis/open-dis-javascript) with node.js

This examples may help as a starting-point to use open-dis-javascript yourself,
giving a basic introduction, in how to use the DIS PDUs, and handling the different
Buffers

## Dependencies

Before starting, please install the following software:

 - [node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/)
 - [git](https://git-scm.com/downloads)

## Installation

Get the source:

```
git clone https://github.com/keckxde/node-disnetworkclient.git
```

Install the dependencies:

```
cd node-disnetworkclient
npm install
```

Run the Server - by default listening on port 3000:

```
npm run-script server

Result:

> node src/dis-udpserver.js

server listening 0.0.0.0:3000
```

Run the Client - by default sending to localhost:3000 :

```
npm run-script client

Result:
> node src/dis-udpclient.js

UDP message sent to 127.0.0.1:3000
```

After that, you will see, a DIS EntityState PDU was sent to server
```
server got msg from 127.0.0.1:64528
Got EntityState: { site: 11, application: 22, entity: 33 } Location { x: 0, y: 0, z: 0 } 
Marking
```


# Writing an own client

See example implementation in [dis-udpclient.js](./src/dis-udpclient.js) as a starting point


# Writing an own server


See example implementation in [dis-udpserver.js](./src/dis-udpserver.js) as a starting point
